Convenient.
Who gave you the courage?
Pretending to be the richest girl
Did you know?
How much trouble will you cause me?
Oh my.
Tieu Tieu That Tam Nhi knows it's wrong.
Me too.
For our children.
Creates a good growth
Environment, now know who you are.
Can't get in your door.
That's why I found Luke and Ping to pick up the goods.
That's reasonable.
I will remember the story of Long Xuyen.
She came with me to avoid the wind.
Grandma.
Granddaughter-in-law, that's right.
Aren't you guys going to the party?
Why come back so early?
Nothing, ma'am, do you feel better?
No, I just heard about it an hour ago
Destroy three major clans of Long Xuyen
This kid works.
Always stable
It absolutely won't be easy to get out.
Say, what happened at the annual meeting?
Don't say grandma is sick.
Don't let him be born.